added coverage of multiple ids in tags (#553)
itsallcode/openfasttrace: doc/user_guide.md

Tags have the following format:

```

> [ <covered-artifact-type> -> <list-of-specification-object-ids> ]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ <covered-artifact-type> -> <specification-object-id>]

If a piece of code covers multiple specification items, you can also list them separated by comma.

[ <covered-artifact-type> -> <specification-object-id>,  <specification-object-id>]
```

Reviewer: Thanks @Davidius86 for the PR. I am started reviewing it. I will update main to 2.6.0 and create the release letter in another PR, so that we have a place where we can mention the change.

Reviewer: Completeness: Please also add a short example of the syntax to `.agents/skills/openfasttrace/SKILL.md`.

Reviewer: Completeness: Please add an short entry for this in the change log too (we are currently working towards 4.6.0).

// [impl~validate-password~2->dsn~validate-authentication-request~1]
```

> ##### Needed Coverage

Reviewer: Good find. 👍 

Compliance: I am guessing you are using an LLM to help with the work. Please note that according to our contribution guideline, LLM-assisted PR must state that.
